Johannesburg

Kelvin Street, CR Swart
The corner of Kelvin Street and CR Swart.

Pretoria Road , CR Swart
The corner of Pretoria Road and CR Swart.

Elgin Road, Pretoria Road
The corner of Elgin Road and Pretoria Road.

Linksfield Road, N3
Linksfield Road off-ramp off the N3.

Booysens Road, M1
Booysens Road off-ramp off the M1.

Nelson Mandela Bridge
The Nelson Mandela Bridge, be alert.

Wolmarans, Claim, Nugget
Wolmarans between Claim and Nugget.

Harrow, Saratoga
The corner of Harrow and Saratoga.

Harrow, Abel
The corner of Harrow and Abel.

Houghton Drive, M1
The Houghton Drive off-ramp off the M1.

Jan Smuts Avenue, St Andrews
The corner of Jan Smuts Avenue and St Andrews.

17th Street, Krause Street, Pageview
The corner of 17th Street and Krause Street in Pageview.

Heidelberg Road, N17
The Heidelberg Road off-ramp off the N17.

Kyalami Drive
Traffic lights on Kyalami Drive.

Beyers Naude, N1
The Beyers Naude off-ramp off the N1 highway.

Sunninghill, N1, Rivonia
Rivonia off-ramp off the N1 highway in Sunninghill.

Midrand, Clayville
Midrand road near Clayville Residents.

Grayston, Rivonia, 11th Street.
The intersection of Grayston and Rivonia and the intersection of Grayston and 11th Street.

11th Avenue, Empire Road
11th Avenue and Empire Road off-ramps.

Jan Smuts Avenue, William Nicol Drive, Hyde Park
The Jan Smuts Avenue/ William Nicol Drive split in Hyde Park.

Witkoppen Road
Intersections on Witkoppen Road.

Bramley Precinct, Wynberg, Bramley, Marlboro, Kew
Bramley Precinct, areas such as Wynberg, Bramley, Marlboro and Kew.

Yeoville Precinct, Yeoville, Bellevue, Bellevue East
Yeoville Precinct, areas such as Yeoville,Bellevue and Bellevue East.

Norwood Precinct, Orange Grove, Highlands
The Norwood Precinct, areas such as Orange Grove and Highlands.

Sandringham Precinct, Glenhazel, Lombardy East, Sandringham
The Sandringham Precinct, areas such as Glenhazel, Lombardy East and Sandringham.

Parkview Precinct, 11th avenue, 7th Avenue
The Parkview Precinct, areas between the 10th and 11th avenue and 4th and 7th Avenue in Parkhurst.

Hillbrow Precinct, Upper Houghton, Killarney
The Hillbrow Precinct, areas such as Upper Houghton and Killarney.

Rosebank Precinct, Saxonwold, Parkwood
The Rosebank Precinct, areas such as Saxonwold and Parkwood.

Christiaan de Wet, Wilgerood road, Roodepoort
The intersection between Christiaan de Wet and Wilgerood road in Roodepoort.

Louis Botha Avenue, M11, Hillbrow, Alexandra
Louis Botha Avenue, the M11. Be aware at the traffic lights, especially between Hillbrow and Alexandra.

Riviera, M1
Riviera off-ramp coming off the M1.

Fairland Ex. 6, 11th Avenue, Fairland
11th Avenue in Fairland, near Fairland Ex. 6.

Alexandra, 1st Avenue, Pretoria Main road
The corner of Pretoria Main road and 1st Avenue in Alexandra.

New road, N1, robots
New road off-ramp coming off the N1, be aware at the robots.

William Nichol, N1 highway
William Nichol off-ramp coming off the N1 highway.